quickfix re. pricing system (#1597)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/api-inference/index.md

## Why use the Inference API?

The Serverless Inference API offers a fast and simple way to explore thousands of models for a variety of tasks. Whether you're prototyping a new application or experimenting with ML capabilities, this API gives you instant access to high-performing models across multiple domains:

* **Text Generation:** Including large language models and tool-calling prompts, generate and experiment with high-quality responses.
* **Image Generation:** Easily create customized images, including LoRAs for your own styles.
* **Document Embeddings:** Build search and retrieval systems with SOTA embeddings.
* **Classical AI Tasks:** Ready-to-use models for text classification, image classification, speech recognition, and more.

> ⚡ **Fast and Free to Get Started**: The Inference API is free to try out and offers additional included credits for PRO users. For production needs, explore [Inference Endpoints](https://ui.endpoints.huggingface.co/) for dedicated resources, autoscaling, advanced security features, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚡ **Fast and Free to Get Started**: The Inference API is free to try out and comes with additional included credits for PRO users. For production needs, explore [Inference Endpoints](https://ui.endpoints.huggingface.co/) for dedicated resources, autoscaling, advanced security features, and more.
```

not sure tbh - it read a bit weird (feel free to ignore)

Author: better than mine, i'll merge it
